# tickets
This is a Ticket System program which allows users to login as either an Admin or a basic User. The program gives the user three attempts to log in, if all three attempts are failures then the program will exit. If users logged in as an Admin, they gain access to all of the functionalities of the program. These functionalities include: Opening a Ticket, Viewing one or all Tickets, Updating a Ticket Description, Deleting a Ticket and Closing a Ticket. If users logged in as a basic User, they are only allowed access to Opening a Ticket and Viewing Ticket(s). When selecting to open a ticket, the user will have to input a Ticket Issuer, Ticket Name and Ticket Description. When selecting to view ticket(s), the user will have to either input the ticket id of the ticket they want to view or enter all to view all tickets. When selecting to update a ticket, the admin will have to input the id of the ticket being updated and then the new description of the ticket being updated. When selecting to delete a ticket, the admin will have to input the id of the ticket being deleted. The admin will then be asked if they want to go through with the deletion. If the admin does not want to delete the ticket at this point, they can enter 0 to exit out; else the admin can enter 1 to go through with deletion. When selecting to close a ticket, the admin will have to input the id of the ticket being closed. The admin will then be asked if they want to go through with the closing. If the admin does not want to close the ticket at this point, they can enter 0 to exit out; else the admin can enter 1 to go through with the closing. The ticket will then be updated with a end date.
